Aprima File Decompressor
========================

Decompresses the files that were compressed when Aprima imported them.

Motivation
----------

There is no easy way to export out all of one patient's documents--let alone the documents of all the patients--as the export function in Aprima was kaput last I checked. Moreover, with our service agreement terminated, I was forced to write an export function myself in order to get patient files out of the data base, which I did <https://github.com/deaddork.com/aprima-scripts/tree/master/patient_attachments_exporter>.

To make the headache even worse, many (if not most) of the files in Aprima's DB are compressed, and there's no documentation determining which compression algorithms was used.

That's where this handy little Perl script comes in: it identifies the common .NET compression algorithms of every file in a folder called 'compressed', and decompress the file accordingly!

Usage
-----

1.	Before the code can be compiled, you have to make sure that there is a directory on your system with the compressed files. Further, this directory must have two subdirectories: a) *compressed* b) *uncompressed*. Obviously, all compressed files should be in the \<compressed\> directory.

2.	Compile the code.

		perl inflater.pl

3.	At the prompt, enter the path to the directory with the \<compressed\> and \<uncompressed\> sub directories, e.g.

		</home/work_two/samba/share/TNH/projects/data_transfer/single_patient_file_export/patients/LASTNAME_FIRSTNAME/>

And that's that! All your mystery compression files will be decompressed and moved to \<uncompressed\>, with a copy of the compressed file left over in compressed for QC.
